development_process.rst: rework Ansibot workflow (#120)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/development_process.rst

Here's an overview of the PR lifecycle:

* Contributor opens a PR (always against the ``devel`` branch)

> * `Ansibot <https://github.com/ansible/ansibotmini#ansibotmini>`_ triages the PR

Reviewer: How about adjusting this to:
```suggestion
* ansible-core uses `Ansibot <https://github.com/ansible/ansibotmini#ansibotmini>`_ to triage the PR.
  Some collection repositories use `Ansibullbot <https://github.com/ansible-community/collection_bot/blob/main/ISSUE_HELP.md>`_ to triage the PR. For most collections, this is done manually or by other means.
```

(The previous and the next line should also be changed, but I guess that's for another PR since this one is about the bot.)

> * Azure Pipelines runs the test suite

Reviewer: Hmm, not specific to this PR, but more about this section: right now this section is about PRs for ansible-core *or collections*, while a lot of the content described here only applies to ansible-core and *some* collections (and even there it's already not entirely correct, since two different bots are used for ansible-core and collections), as most collections use neither the bot nor AZP.
